Platform-independent dependency lockfiles (#36721)
gradle/gradle: platforms/documentation/docs/src/docs/userguide/releases/upgrading/upgrading_version_9.adoc

Starting with Gradle 9.5.0, calling `.values()` on the maps returned from `System.getenv()` or `System.getProperties()` records **all** environment variables or system properties respectively as inputs to the Configuration Cache, similarly to how `.forEach()` calls are tracked in previous versions.
If your build configuration uses `System.getenv().values()` or `System.getProperties().values()`, you may experience more frequent Configuration Cache invalidations.

==== Dependency lockfiles are generated with a platform-independent line ending

Dependency lockfiles now use a platform independent line ending (`\n`) instead of the system default.

> Lockfiles using Windows line endings will continue to work, but no longer can be generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Existing lockfiles written with Windows line endings can still be read, but new lockfiles generated will only use platform independent line endings.
```
